How I started :
create an azure account , then select a new resource which is DevOps Project
create the sample application using the Python template and Django framework it takes us to give project name and confirming app name
and the region also . whn clicked DONE it gives the following error :

You can't register a new application in Azure Active Directory. Learn more: https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=843472. More details: Insufficient privileges to complete the operation..


Azure DevOps :
----------------
Languages
You can use many languages with Azure Pipelines, such as Python, Java, JavaScript, PHP, Ruby, C#, C++, and Go.

Version control systems
Before you use continuous integration and continuous delivery practices for your applications, you must have your source code in a version control system. Azure Pipelines integrates with GitHub, GitHub Enterprise, Azure Repos Git & TFVC, Bitbucket Cloud, and Subversion.

Application types
You can use Azure Pipelines with most application types, such as Java, JavaScript, Node.js, Python, .NET, C++, Go, PHP, and XCode.

Deployment targets
Use Azure Pipelines to deploy your code to multiple targets. Targets include container registries, virtual machines, Azure services, or any on-premises or cloud target.

Package formats
To produce packages that can be consumed by others, you can publish NuGet, npm, or Maven packages to the built-in package management repository in Azure Pipelines. You also can use any other package management repository of your choice.



First pipeline creation :

we create a project and then create a pipeline 
we can fork an example github project then use it in the pipeline , allow Azure to access your github account , select a project from 
github . then save and Run. It will craete the pipeline , once the pipeline is craeted , checkback your github page , it will have the azure devops cicd yml 

A pipeline is defined using a YAML file in your repo. Usually, this file is named azure-pipelines.yml and is located at the root of your repo.

you can run the pipeline on a different image (ist the agent we are considering here) changing the value of VMImage ..and yes it runs of VM.
